City Fit Customer Service Agreement
This "User Services Agreement" is between City Fit's registered users (aka "Accounts", hereinafter collectively referred to as "Accounts") and the signing of the products prior to using Internet products (including, but not limited to, paragraph headlines) produced by City Fit. protocol.
1 Accept Terms
City Fit provides you with the following terms of service. These terms may be updated by City Fit at any time without notice. In the event of a change in this User Services Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Service Agreement"), City Fit will publish the revised content on the website. Once the revised service agreement is posted on the webpage, it effectively replaces the original service agreement. In addition, when you use the City Fit special service, you and City Fit are required to comply with City Fit’s published guidelines and rules relating to the service at any time. All of the aforementioned guidelines and rules form part of this service agreement.
Before you use the services provided by City Fit, you should read this service agreement carefully. If you do not agree to the service agreement and/or City Fit's modification at any time, please stop using all the services provided by City Fit immediately; once you use City Fit service, or register as a user of City Fit (hereinafter referred to as “user” ""), you are deemed to have understood and fully agreed to the contents of this service agreement, including any changes made by City Fit to the service agreement at any time.
2 Service Description
City Fit currently provides users with the following services: Post and share comments on news, information, paragraphs, funny content, pictures, etc.; publish paragraphs and upload pictures in City Fit's products. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Service Agreement, the addition or enhancement of any new features of the Service, including new products introduced, are subject to the provisions of this Service Agreement. You understand and agree that this service is provided only in accordance with its current status, and City Fit accepts no responsibility for any time limitations, deletions, mis-deliveries, unsaved or any other problems with any user information or personalization settings. City Fit reserves the right to suspend any part of this service or stop the service completely for maintenance, upgrade or other purposes without prior notice.
3 Compliance with the law
You agree to abide by all the provisions of relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China, and take full responsibility for any use of your password in any way and your account to use the service and its results. If your conduct violates any provisions of the laws and regulations of the country and may constitute a crime, you will be held criminally liable and you will bear full legal responsibility.
At the same time, if City Fit has reason to believe that any of your actions, including but not limited to any of your remarks and other actions that violated or may violate national laws and regulations, City Fit may terminate it at any time without any prior notice. service.
4 Your registration obligation
In order to use this service, you agree to the following: Log on with your social network account (including but not limited to QQ, Sina Weibo, Tencent Weibo, Renren, or Happy) using this service, and make sure to update your nickname and avatar in the future. The validity and legality of such data. If you provide any information that is illegal, unethical, or that City Fit does not believe is suitable for display on City Fit's products; or City Fit has reason to suspect that your data is procedural or malicious, City Fit reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account. And you refuse to use all or any part of this service now and in the future.
City Fit is not required to assume any responsibility for any registration information of any user, including but not limited to the identification, verification of the authenticity, correctness, completeness, applicability and/or responsibility of any registration information.
5 User Account, Password and Security
After logging into your account with any of the products of City Fit (the “Account”), you are responsible for protecting your account.
You should take full responsibility for all activities that use your password and account number. You agree:
1) You should notify City Fit immediately if your City Fit account has been used unauthorised or any other security issues occur;
2) The user is responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of personal accounts and passwords. If you do not keep your own account number and password, City Fit cannot and does not bear any responsibility for any losses or damages caused.
3) Each user must take full responsibility for all actions and events in his account. If you do not take care of your account and password and cause damage to you, City Fit or a third party, you will bear full responsibility.
6 City Fit Privacy Policy
City Fit places great importance on your privacy. You may be involved in your privacy when enjoying the services provided by City Fit, so please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
6.1 Users are reminded not to reveal important information such as their own property accounts, bank cards, credit cards, third-party payment accounts and corresponding passwords in the service of City Fit. Otherwise, any loss resulting from this will be borne by the user.
6.2. The user's account number and password are confidential information. The user should provide personal password protection information that can increase the security of the account. City Fit will strive to take active measures to protect the security of user accounts and passwords.
6.3. The user's registration information is protected as City Fit's trade secrets. Users should ensure the authenticity of the identity information entered during the registration of the City Fit account. Any responsibility for illegal, unreal, inaccurate user information shall be borne by the user. Users should constantly update the registration information, in line with the requirements of timely, detailed, true and accurate. However, at the same time, users understand that the openness of the Internet and technology update are very fast. Non-City Fit can not control the factors that lead to leakage of user information. City Fit does not assume responsibility. If the user's registration information is not true and the problems caused by the problem, City Fit will not be responsible. If the information provided by the user is inaccurate, untrue, illegal or City Fit has reasonable grounds to suspect that it is wrong, false or incomplete, or advertises in the personal data, if it is not serious or irrelevant information, City Fit reserves the right to suspend or Terminate the provision of service to the user, cancel the account, and reject all or any part of the City Fit service for the user now and in the future. Therefore, all losses incurred will be borne by the user.
6.4. When using the City Fit service, the user should not publish or upload information that he considers to be private to City Fit, nor should the information be disseminated to other people through City Fit's services. Privacy leakage due to user's behavior The user assumes responsibility.
6.5. City Fit may collect user information when providing services. City Fit will explicitly inform users that usually the information is limited to the user's name, gender, age, date of birth, ID number, home address, education level, company situation, and industry , hobbies, etc.
6.6. City Fit does not assume any legal responsibility for the following matters:
1) City Fit provides your personal information in accordance with legal requirements or requirements of the relevant government and judicial authorities;
2) The disclosure of any personal information resulting from the user's informing others of the user's password or sharing the registered account with others, or any leakage of personal information not caused by City Fit;
3) Any information leakage due to hacking or computer virus intrusion;
4) Information leakage due to force majeure;
5) Information has become well-known information, and City Fit is not at fault.

6.7. In the following (including but not limited to) several situations, City Fit has the right to use the user's personal information:
1) City Fit may share the user's personal information with the sponsor during a promotion or lottery. Under these circumstances, City Fit will prompt the user before sending the user information, and the user can terminate the transfer process by not participating in the promotion or the lottery. ;
2) City Fit may cooperate with third parties to provide users with relevant web services. In this case, if the third party agrees to assume the same responsibility as City Fit to protect user privacy, City Fit has the right to register user information. Etc. provided to the third party;
3) City Fit has the right to analyze the entire user database and make commercial use of the user database without revealing individual user privacy data.
4) City Fit has the right to use your submitted email to send notifications related to City Fit.
In addition to the aforementioned use and your personal behavior or consent disclosure, City Fit does not display or share your e-mail information to any third party on the network.

7 The responsibilities of the provider
According to relevant laws and regulations, City Fit hereby solemnly draws your attention to any text, information, data, photographs, graphics, information or other materials (hereinafter referred to as “content”) posted or uploaded via this service, whether publicly or privately. The content provider is responsible for the delivery. City Fit only provides content storage space for users and cannot control the content delivered via this service. Therefore, it does not guarantee the correctness, completeness or quality of the content. You have foreseen that using this service may expose you to unpleasant, inappropriate or unpleasant content. In any case, City Fit is not responsible for any content, but City Fit reserves the right to stop transmission of any of the foregoing and to take corresponding actions in accordance with the law, including but not limited to suspending the user's use of the service in whole or in part, saving the relevant records, and Relevant organs report.

8 User behavior
The user agrees that he will not use the service for any illegal or improper activities, including but not limited to the following:

1) Post or otherwise transmit information containing one of the following:

· Oppose to the basic principles set out in the Constitution;

· Endanger national security, reveal state secrets, subvert state power, and undermine national unity;

· Damage to national honors and interests;

· Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;

· Destroys the country’s religious policy and promotes cults and feudal superstitions;

· spread rumors, disrupt social order and undermine social stability;

· Dissemination of pornography, pornography, gambling, violence, homicide, terror or abetment of crimes;

· insult or slander others and infringe on the legal rights of others;

· Contains false, fraudulent, harmful, coercive, infringing privacy, harassment, aggression, slander, vulgarity, slander, or other morally objectionable content;

· Contains Chinese laws, regulations, rules, regulations, and any other content that is restricted or prohibited by legally enforced regulations;

· Contains content that City Fit considers inappropriate for display on City Fit;

2) Endanger the legal rights of others in any way;

3) Impersonate any other person or organization, or state or lied falsely in connection with any person or organization;

4) Publish, e-mail, or otherwise publish any content that is known but not entitled to be transmitted under any law or contract or statutory relationship (for example, internal information, proprietary and confidential information derived from or informed by confidentiality contracts, based on an employment relationship) Mode transmission

5) Posting or otherwise transmitting content that infringes another's copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights (hereinafter referred to as "exclusive rights");

6) Post, send, or otherwise transmit any advertising letter, promotional material, "spam", "spamming", "chain letters", "direct sales", or any other form of invitation information;

7) Computer viruses (including but not limited to trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots) designed to interfere with, disrupt or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware or communication equipment (below Any information referred to as "viruses") or other computer code, files, and programs that are posted, sent, or otherwise transmitted;

8) Interfering with or destroying the service or servers and networks connected to the service, or violating any regulations, procedures, policies or regulations concerning the connection of the service;

9) tracking, human flesh search or otherwise harassing others;

10) wilfully or unintentionally violate any applicable local and national laws and any rules that have legal effect;

11) Unauthorized interception, alteration, collection, storage or deletion of personal information of others, e-mail or other data, or use of such information for any illegal or improper purpose.

You have acknowledged that City Fit does not exercise full control over the user's use of the product. When you use any content, including when relying on the correctness, completeness, or usefulness of the content, you agree to make its own judgment and assume all risks without relying on it. At City Fit. However, City Fit may, at its own discretion, refuse and remove any content that violates the Terms provided by the Service or otherwise causes City Fit to resent it.

You understand and agree that City Fit may, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, or based on good faith for the following purposes or reasonably necessary, determine that the contents must be preserved or disclosed:

a) Comply with legal procedures;

b) execution of this service agreement;

c) respond to claims made by any third party;

d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of City Fit, its users and the public;

e) Other situations that City Fit deems necessary.

9 Special warnings for international use
You have understood the international borderless nature of the Internet and agreed to comply with all local laws and regulations regarding online behavior and content. You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the transmission of information exported from China or your country or region.

10 Public Information Posted at City Fit
1) In this service agreement, "the area in which the service is publicly used" means the area that the general public can use;
2) Content uploaded or posted by the user at City Fit, the user should ensure that it is the copyright owner or has obtained legal authorization, and that the content does not infringe the legitimate rights and interests of any third party, if the user uploads text when using the City Fit product service Infringement of third-party intellectual property rights in information such as photos, videos, software, and performances, City Fit has the right to remove the infringing product and is not responsible for it. User agrees to grant City Fit all worldwide free, irrevocable, perpetual, re-licensed or transferable exclusive use rights for City Fit, City Fit owns texts and images uploaded by users.
